all right we're live
all of a sudden in Daniel's penthouse
welcome to my living room the top four
top four downtown Tampa Florida exactly
if you know about this I mean everyone
just thought you kind of just like live
in a cave and you write emails but hey
not a bad place you did okay yeah for
context this isn't actually my living
room
just just want to make sure everyone
aware of that but I'll just buy the
whole building to compensate for it
exactly yeah it's really so simple it
was so [__] simple
so now we have the weekly cookouts which
I'm really excited about this is our
first you know first it was limited to
the Tampa boys but now we got some of
the Miami crew some axing on the balcony
it's a pretty good thing
when are we having a client Ascension
cookout with everyone just like hold
balcony we just flawed the building so
um obviously you came to the last client
attention event and
I very quickly learned that if you have
an event with somewhere around 100 or
more people it's the biggest pain in the
ass of all time and it costs like
to rent out the Marriott and do all the
stuff and I think it ended up costing
like 48 000 or something like that and
we weren't charging a lot of money for
the tickets but it was like did the
dumbest [__] they would do bro they
charged us like three grand for the
water literally three thousand dollars
of the boss water bottles dude bro you
kidding me they like they forgot some
stools and then like put on the bill
like it up charge for the stool almost
to the point where I've kind of sat here
I'm just like dude would it not make
like literally Financial sense to buy
like a two million dollar house in St
Pete Florida and just hold masterminds
there like from like from a totally
Financial perspective if I were to have
like three four client Ascension events
a year I was like that would be an
actual Savings of like almost a quarter
million dollars
so it's like I know for a fact the
mortgage payment isn't a quarter million
dollars on the house so it's like that's
like one of those unique situations
where it's like you could actually end
up producing more money for that for the
holding of an asset like that
yeah yeah no I like the Mansion idea we
had a few um and some brainstorming
about it I was like when's the next
event he's like well we're not doing at
the Marriott because all the headaches
we went through last time and we're not
doing it in my penthouse slash living
room slash apartment so why not just get
a ranch
Montana St Pete wherever just throw out
there it just like makes sense what do
you what do you see that looking like I
know you mentioned like you want to keep
it small but you'll have other thoughts
you want to make it this like masking
like what's what's your vision for the
next kind of session event
um
so
as you as you scale farther and farther
you start to really look in you look at
the other people it's like all right the
guys who are doing three million a month
like how specifically are their offers
structured and it's always like it's
always going to kind of come into three
different business segments right so as
a for instance like Cole Gordon Cole
Gordon does this thing where he'll train
people to be either closures or
appointment Setters and then he has a
business segment where he will place
those closers or appointment Setters
inside another person's business so
that's a B2B segment and then there's a
secondary B2B segment which is a
mastermind that has four in-person
events per year and I think it's around
like 68 Grand a year or something like
that so
that logistically makes sense for client
Ascension to do the same thing because
we're we're we're tangentially related
to kind of what he sells he does
appointment setting and like sales and
stuff we do cold email we do like cold
outbound prospecting so okay I can go
whip up a b to Seaside train people how
to be commission only cold email or is
augment client Ascension offer as it
currently exists right now
add on the placement of commission only
appointment Setters and as people elapse
through client Ascension they get
results then they'll probably send to a
mastermind and arise into a situation
where it's like yeah we're gonna have
four Mastermind meetups a year and one
of them is going to be at my three
million dollar St Pete Mansion so let's
uh so that's how I see this
elapsing and how this goes so it's like
in terms of events like I I
if if we were going to do another one
I'm just going to charge a lot of money
because it's a pain it's a pain it's
it's not fun to plan that like it really
just isn't so it's like if I'm gonna do
that again then I'm gonna make sure I'm
financially compensated and relaxed like
in relation to how much of a pain it is
yeah it's like you always say you know
hire to your clients who doesn't
actually get them better results so
simple
what has been the biggest challenge with
you
client Ascension it's just the
communities just exploded I think ever
since the advantages in general it's
been an awkward trajectory what's been
the biggest challenge scaling that will
also maintaining client results because
you've emphasized the idea of clean
scale you want people you want to grow
it but you don't want to do it at the
expense of people feeling like they're
not getting the attention they deserve
like what's been the biggest challenge
with doing that yeah um we we don't have
a problem getting people results ever we
have a problem trying to get people to
execute the things we're telling them to
do so everything that currently exists
in all efforts literally 100 of all
labor power inside of client Ascension
is trying to get people to just execute
the things we are telling them to do so
it's like now we've got like customer
success managers and then sorcering
sourcing the customer success managers
was really difficult because you have to
be like you've got to kind of understand
what's going on like in this industry
while like simultaneously doing this
full-time job like understanding what's
going on here so that was really
difficult but on Andre was leading the
thing on that so now we got three of
those that just makes life tremendously
more easy but it's like this this
literally always happens dude like
there's there is no situation where
someone comes in to client Ascension
does
exactly what we not only tell them to do
but give them we literally make all
their 3 000 Prospect lists of code
emails we write the scripts for them we
give them the software to do it and even
then like even then after you've paid to
be in client Ascension you have been on
a silver platter handed all of these
assets that some percent of people quite
literally still will not execute the
thing and it's a testament that kind of
goes back to like the concept of of low
quality client versus high quality
client all of the clients who are not on
payment plans always a hundred percent
of time execute everything precisely as
as it is given to them always the only
people who ever lag well this and this
and this and we're gonna do this and
like well what about this and they're
asking just like questions just don't
matter it's always someone who's on a
payment plan every single time and then
I've been asked questions sometimes dude
you could probably get so many more
conversions if you like allowed people
to like Finance this and had some kind
of like financing program where they can
pay like over the course of 36 months
and using a credit company I was like no
no you don't understand I don't want
people who don't have money in the first
place I don't want you inside at all
and that's a concept that people really
need to understand it's like oh you
could just make people do payments no
like you suck like you're not a good
client I don't want you
it's like if your client Ascension
subscription is the equivalent of a
mortgage shouldn't be in the program
that's what it sounds like I mean I
think that's a good philosophy in
general because you look at like even
the energy of the group right I'm in
client Ascension a little testimonial
here when you go on these calls there's
personalized attention and not only are
you interacting with the coaches or the
people on there but you're interacting
with the other students within the group
right and if you allow these people to
come in and they're asking these these
questions and they call and saying all
these stuff that stuff that just like
doesn't make sense it's like that slows
other people down because they're on
these calls they have actual questions
related to like you know they're getting
I don't know they're they're following
up with someone on email they need help
with this specific problem then you got
this other person asking well cold email
is pretty saturated like are you sure
that works are you sure I should post
content it's like bro like what why why
are you here
yeah I mean like you say like the energy
drink Market is saturated like I'm
drinking a red blood and everything's
saturated for people who don't know what
they're doing like literally everything
so it's like you can come up with some
like
I don't care if you have all the money
in the world if you're an
unsophisticated owner like you just
don't have any concept of how to run
anything I still don't want you in here
it's just like exactly like what you
were saying it's they they're gonna get
on calls they're gonna say dumb stuff
and it's like too difficult to help them
work and the problem with a lot of these
guys maybe they're on some program
that's kind of similar to climate sensor
there run any any program of any kind
whatsoever they're more interested in
acquiring clients than they are with
maximizing the LTV of clients I have one
job and one sole job only I want to get
a client into client Ascension and I
never want them to leave ever
I am optimizing for people with a high
ltev solely because one I don't want to
deal with you if you're like a small
like you just don't know anything like
you're just like annoying and it's like
you're getting like a call for client
Ascension it's like this is kind of this
is like literally like we're like trying
to find a culture fit like if we don't
if we don't like you I don't care like
if if we just don't like you you're not
allowed in it doesn't matter if you have
the money it doesn't matter if you want
to join if you're just like not if
you're not a good person or you're just
like annoying like you just can't get in
like it's it's and you have these are
these are small things that that
optimize the company because it's like I
have a whole Community that's going to
be exposed to you you know like people
don't like you then you're just gonna
like taint the whole thing
and it's just not going to be good
anymore so you have to be extremely
protective over like what's happening
you have to like really think three four
five steps ahead of things and a lot of
guys are just trying to sign as many
people and get as much front-end Revenue
as the conceivably possible with
absolutely no
attention to the back end of any kind
and it's like bro I 50 of people with
client attention when they finish the
first six months renew like half half of
them which is unheard of yeah that is
absurdly high are the the average person
of clients it's only been like a year
and a half or around there but it's like
so many people have like they stay for a
year or more like this you need to
optimize for clients who stay with you
for a long time even even like you do my
shorts right like you literally edit my
stuff and like I don't know how long
we've been working together now for like
seven months or yeah like four or five
yeah something like that and it's like
they're I'm probably gonna be your
client for a long time like you know
what I mean
yeah and that's huge I think especially
with done with you that's really really
important I think that's a niche that
we're seeing pop up more and when we
talked about this too like literally
before the podcast it's like people
there's two two things about this I want
to mention so number one with done with
you clients whether that be coaching or
like more you know me and cam obviously
shoot with clients we help them like
with videos and all that stuff it's like
we're working with you and we're
communicating with you on a daily basis
if you're going to be a pain in the ass
it doesn't matter how much extra Revenue
that's going to bring for the cost of
the headaches you know what I mean it's
like Risk award it's like yeah like we
make another whatever per month but if
you're just gonna drag us down and that
that oh that spills over into our other
work for other clients and it drains our
energy it's like like we're not going to
work with you if we can't have lunch
with you and another segment I want you
to touch upon with the done with you and
people just being stubborn and as well
and you know you'll have students I bet
where you'll tell them like yo be
flexible with your offer everyone has
different needs this person may want to
handle this type of the process you have
to respect that and not step on their
toes like like talk to me about that
like why are people so stubborn about
adjusting their offer accordingly to
client needs
um so yeah I was I was explaining this
last week actually it was because like
we were talking about like guarantees or
like people saying like well like I was
on a call here and the client said they
wanted this but like that's not a part
of my offer and then I'm sitting here
and I'm like well like do you know how
to do that and he's like yeah then why
didn't you just sell it to them he's
like well it's not a part of my offer
I'm like your offer is not some like cut
in stone thing and there's absolutely
zero wiggle room it's like well you guys
need to understand is that you don't
just expend something up and it's like
that's all you get you're not a SAS
company you're you're a Service Company
look it's it's like every sales process
is dirty like every sales call is dirty
it's never gonna like there's no deal
where it's oh just I'm only gonna do it
like this if you want to change it like
that I'm not working with you and it's
like this is this is what's wrong with
these guys they don't they don't have
any kind of conception of like wiggle
room and as like an example say someone
I don't know say you run like a you run
a tick tock ads agency and like you'll
you'll make ugc ads for people and then
you'll then you'll run the ads for them
and then like you're talking to a client
and they're basically saying yeah we
already have a like we already have a
media buyer we're kind of just looking
for the ads and then
dudes will literally go like oh well I I
do the media buying sorry like not even
yeah not even understanding the fact
that they could just segment out the
part where they get the ads and like
actually effectively charge the same
amount of money and like there's no con
because what guys do with these offers
is they take a high income skill and try
to fit it into a niche and like force it
onto a niche as opposed to like speaking
to a niche and extracting specifically
what they're asking for so it's like
dudes will or they'll start with a niche
and try to force a high income skill
onto the knee oh yeah yeah so like oh my
God yeah so like what will happen is
dudes will pick like like Ecom as an
example oh well what can I sell Ecom
stores like oh well they do Facebook ads
I'll go sell Facebook ads unaware of the
fact that it's quite literally the most
saturated offer the most saturated
Market of all time but what they don't
understand and if they just pay
attention to what people are saying on
the calls you start to extract things
like for instance
what is absolutely ripping right now is
creating
ugc ads for e-com Brands that's what
they're buying and it's like you can't
just come up here and just like come up
with some random thing it's like you you
have to sell what people want in the way
that they want it so it's kind of like
um like I'll give you an example of like
Scott Millard so like Scott he's like a
he's like a video guy and like he you
guys are familiar with him a lot he's a
homie and he lives here in Tampa too
um but he was he was when he first
joined client Ascension he was selling
this unlimited video packages he just
like like animated like sass explainer
videos and stuff it's an unlimited video
package five thousand dollars per month
you get unlimited requests and I was
like Scott
nobody wants an unlimited Video
subscription they don't they just want a
specific amount of videos or they just
do
so he changed his offer to that and now
like dude just hit 40K a month he was
literally making like five grand a month
like six months ago and it's like
sometimes it's that simple and it's like
just you have to know what people you
have to pay attention and just like go
through those dirty sales processes like
I was saying and like what specifically
do you want and then what you'll find is
like people start asking for the same
thing and they want it in the same way
so oh I'll just morph the offer into
that and then things evolve over time
and this is why you see people that they
have products and always turns into like
a 2.0 and then like a 3.0 because like
they're evolving it and that's like the
correct thing that you should do
yeah markets sophisticated we we've had
to adjust with our agency right because
we saw everything
sir I will make you 60 videos per month
with just zero it is changing bro it
went from two hours we joke it's like it
went from two hours of your time to 0.2
seconds yeah I mean that's funny because
I made that angle like three months ago
and it's like I
all these dudes on on Twitter I actually
wrote an email about this it was it was
really interesting and basically the the
gist of what I was explaining in the
email was that
what you guys are trying to do is you
you have you have like no industry
secrets secrets you have no concept of
how to get people results and you have
no client results in the first place so
what you do is you rely on vague value
propositions that include the mechanism
and in this case the mechanism is short
form content as a service I'll do short
form content with just two hours of your
time I literally made that
um and then what happens over time is
you get results for clients and you do
things over and over and over again and
now you you uncover secrets
look you uncover like like how to get
results for specific things so you morph
from selling a mechanism
into selling a system that just so
happens to use a mechanism okay
and this is what I was explaining like
these guys what they'll do it's like oh
I'll just do this with Google ads it's
like no like you you need a system you
need to create like a unique way you do
something and like you uncover secrets
and you find out that there's context in
everything like for instance with the
short form it's like if you've ever done
any kind of short form at all ever like
you've probably learned it's slightly
difficult to turn short form into
conversions so you need to augment this
by having a video sales order on your
landing page you need to know how to do
DM sales you need to have long form
content like you you ultimately need to
put every piece of the funnel inside the
offer it's like that's literally how
expansion you always arise to you having
to do more to serve the client needs
there's always an upsell
it it will never end there's always
another thing to sell somebody
yeah that's a really good point I think
especially with the the short form
service like you saw so many people it's
just like the offer keeps sophisticated
right it's like first it was like
repurposing right and that was a big
thing like oh I'll make clips for you
right but then other people started
filming with people and you started
targeting other people that didn't have
existing video content right because
most of the people who already had long
form they had a short sky so it's like
oh let me go like try to Target people
that don't have it right and then you
have this way right of the 60 pieces of
content per month with two hours your
time and it's like now there's gonna be
another layer of sophistication that but
the big thing is and you talk about this
and I think it's important to reiterate
it's like 90 of people won't even stick
to one thing for six months so it's like
if you can just actually do the thing
well for six months
you just everyone gets gets weeded out
and they move on to the next thing right
the next thing whatever that may be what
looks like in you know a year from now
yeah so the reason why things take six
months to work is because people only
buy stuff from you if you have results
they only you only get a lot of sales if
you have a lot of results like you
incrementally get more and more sales
the more and more results you have so
what people need to understand is
everything will take six months and the
reason why is because you need six
months to acquire results in the first
place and to acquire results you need to
become competent in the thing in the
first place so that's why there is this
lag that is the soul and only reason why
it takes long for things to work is
because you need to get the results and
then what happens is I'll I'll get some
guys who come into client Ascension they
have like a lot of customers like
they're a big business and they've been
in business I don't know like five six
seven eight nine ten years
and there's like no testimonials no
results no social proof of any kind on
the on the business and I'll tell them
I'm like how many customers do you have
it's like oh like we've worked with
642 people and I'm like yo that's a lot
I'm like do you get them really good
results yeah like this guy went from
selling his products in his garage to
and then he started working with us and
he's been our client for two years and
then he now he has four warehouses does
thirty thousand dollars a day like he
lives in a mansion now and and he has a
bunch of kids and they go to private
school and like he goes on vacations all
the time now and I'm like
why is that not on your landing page
like why is this not on video look
because what I'm trying to explain to
them is
you got such good results here
but unless you put it on the landing
page it might as well not even exist
it didn't happen
unless it's on the landing page you did
not get
any results unless they are clearly and
vividly displayed on the internet and
this is what people don't understand
every single service marketing agency
B2B business coaching course software
absolutely any kind of B2B thing of any
kind ever
you grow the business by looping
testimonials and client results that's
it your Sole and only function as a
business owner is the production of case
studies and then the displaying of those
case studies pushing traffic to those
case studies which begets more customers
which begets more case studies and it is
an upward spiral Loop always it's your
only job
yeah 100 and one thing that I took away
from there was it's like dude I actually
thought of this analogy I was riding
bikes at like two in the morning I was
like I'm putting this on my notes for a
later tweet and I guess it'll be here on
video before I put in a tweet format but
I almost viewed it as like it's like a
girl that wears like super baggy clothes
to score like even a guy it doesn't
really matter but like they were baggy
clothes they were in sweatpants they're
like greasy they didn't shower right
they're not looking good they're not
looking spiffy and maybe they have like
a great physique or a great body but
it's just like bro like you're wearing
like you're wearing a hoodie and
sweatpants like no one can even see that
yep and you expect them to know yeah
expect them to know that you're this
great looking guy or girl it's just like
no like no one you're not even
showcasing it so like that's a really
good point right there and I actually
want to keep touching on this because I
think it's a really good topic that a
lot of people like look for is like you
almost have to be ahead of the market
right it's a game of cat and mouse like
you'll spin something up like I put out
a thread today about like our processes
like how we nurture client relationship
and what that process looks like I bet
there's some [__] dude that's about
to put that on this landing page right
now yeah for Bart yeah so what happens
is is a lot of guys get caught up in
like Market sophistication but
the the
so it's from Eugene Sports yeah Eugene
Schwartz
um and at the highest level of
sophistication
people only buy the thing because of the
results you have driven and your
personal brand that's at the highest
level
so like the most people are in the
market imagine the most saturated
service
all selling to the same exact market
like it's the most saturated thing of
all time imagine it
somebody's still making money right and
the person who's making the money is the
person who has the best client results
so what happens is you can take any
service
any Market anything and you can just
single-handedly sophisticate the whole
thing right to the end you just go right
to the end where it's just results and
this is what you need to do and this is
what I've always done with every single
thing and it was not even like I wasn't
even aware of this until like back
reading Eugene Schwartz and stuff and
I'm like oh in hindsight like the reason
why I spun up a cold email course so
that the 6 000 people and made a million
dollars from a course and then made a
bunch of software apps and then
and then made client Ascension and I've
made like seven million dollars doing it
is solely only because I just got a ton
of testimonials there is no other reason
why that happened there's no single
other reason why that happened and it's
like
someone could say like even if somebody
had like a product that was
incrementally better than mine it's like
it doesn't matter I have more
testimonials so I'm gonna make more
money than you
not
whoever the person who wins has the most
client results and testimonials that's
it like there's there's no wiggle room
there's no like well what about this no
Whoever has the most results wins that's
it like your conversion rate goes up
your call but your call close rate goes
up your click-through rate goes up your
opt-in percent goes up but yeah
everything every single metric improves
with every single new client testimonial
or a case study you add it's just it's
just stacking credibility continuously
over and over and over again there's no
other trick but like there's no like
special hack to like make the business
work better it's like at the end it's
all going to be sophisticated you're
you're just gonna get more and more and
more competitive you're never gonna have
less competitors so you need to
single-handedly like push everyone else
out of the market and just take all the
customers because you have all of the
results that's the only way it works
yeah that's a really good point I think
people obsess over like they just think
oh like if I copy this and maybe I say
this is another thing I really like you
put out a YouTube video about this about
the DM scripts and this has been a
really really hot topic lately DM
Scripts
and your whole argument is it's not
really about what you say it's literally
just bringing them from the DM to your
profile to your landing page and being
congruent I want you to rant about that
and explain what people fail to grasp
because writing a Shakespeare poem and
then pitching short form is not the
reason they're buying your short form
yeah so um the reason why maybe you send
a thousand DMS and you get one customer
like the actual reason why that you
didn't like sign 50 people because
everybody has a conversion window nobody
just wants to do short form right now
like like every human on the planet
doesn't want to just do it right now
like it's not a thing so what happens is
you send a DM and now
I have a hundred and fourteen thousand
followers and now people will say no
people with a lot of followers don't
check their DMS [__] I check my DMs
like everyone checks their DMS any
person with any amount of followers they
go to the request if they say they don't
they're lying like they just are
everyone sees every single DM
um and now what you do
is you check the DM and you go to their
profile like maybe but you'll kind of
get a snippet of what it says then you
go to the profile
if your profile
is
Sports you're retweeting football or
like me or just random stuff that is not
congruent to business like any kind and
it's like all right well just like
automatic now it's like your stuff just
doesn't have anything to do with with
this
now say your profile is about business
you got some tweets like actually like
about this sphere
then you're you're your landing page
will get clicked if you don't have a
landing page automatic no not happening
like you you didn't even put in the time
to pickle anyway it's not happening
so if you do have one it gets clicked do
you have a video sales order nope gone
but you didn't even put enough effort
into both to do that all right maybe you
do have a video sales alert
do you have do you have client results
no okay you don't have client results do
you at minimum
have examples of what you would do
no
gone
not even gonna consider you in any in
any capacity every time I've ever bought
something from somebody who was a
beginner
or has no other clients does it
literally happen to me like two weeks
ago well I'll tell you exactly what
happened I got pitched
about hey bro like if you if you like
make your vso like a lot more edited
it's gonna like work out a lot better
and what he did is he didn't just say
that he
took a minute clip from my vsl
and then like hyper edited it and I was
watching I'm like yo this is really good
but now my context of this and this goes
back into like the positioning of his
offer I'll explain what I was thinking
my my thinking of this is like well I
don't want to have to pay this guy to
hyper edit this vsl because I might make
a new vsl
right so now like a couple weeks later
at this point
I was trying to I wanted more YouTube
ads I'm like I'm gonna try out this like
I want some like hyper edited stuff I'm
like oh that one guy yeah that one guy
who sent me that that was like really
good and I forgot his name and I just I
didn't follow him so I went in the
messages I was just scrolling in my DMs
I was looking for it for like 10 minutes
and I found it I was like hey can you
edit me YouTube videos like I want I
want to do this I want this many like
how much will it cost it gives me a
price and I just pay it
so this is an example of this guy didn't
have any client results I don't think
he's worked with anyone but he at
minimum put in the bare minimum effort
to show me what he would do so I'm
saying is that guys try to prospect for
clients and they'd even do the bare
minimum
so now I at this point like I'm gonna
I'm probably gonna end up paying this
guy like over the course of like I don't
know a year maybe like 10K 20K literally
just like editing videos and stuff just
like random editing stuff like this and
then the other thing I want to explain
is that his original positioning of the
offer was just the wrong thing to like
that's a valid objection hey I'll edit
your vso I was like well people like
kind of change their vsl a lot
so it's just a different positioning so
now he could still sell like editing the
vsl but now you can hit other angles for
someone like if you were prospecting
someone and say he was leading with the
hey I'll edit your vsl offer you don't
get responses and then you can to open
the hey I also do YouTube ads here's an
example and now he's like posting tweets
of like the examples of the YouTube ads
you made I'm like yeah like really he
asked me for a testimonial I was like
yeah like good job but you're clearly
listening to the stuff I say and I'm
like now like when I give this guy a
testimonial and like I retweeted now
he's like posting videos of me hey I
made this and it's like I work with
Daniel Fazio and client Ascension and I
retweet that on Twitter this guy's gonna
get a [__] ton of business literally
just will because he asked for the
testimony it was one it wasn't just he
just made the thing and like went dark
it's like he's proactively trying to
build this company he's putting a lot of
effort and like the dude like
when I was working with him and he was
like explaining why he was making
specific edits it wasn't just like
edited for no reason like he was
explaining to me hey I'm gonna I want to
put this here because this will happen
this happened could you like do this
real quick film me this five second
thing so I had inject it here I think
it's going to work a lot better I'm like
all right bro it was very clear to me
that he was proactive and very much
attempting to make sure that I'm getting
a quantifiable positive return the money
I paid him so it's like dudes will
they'll run a business and they're just
like it's like they don't even care
it's like you you you don't even care
and that's why you don't make much
yeah and I think that's a really good
way to overcome first movers Advantage
like first movers Advantage like if
you're not in that situation and you're
coming late to a market like you really
need to go out of your way to do stuff
like that I'll give you a great example
this actually happened to me recently so
there's this guy that's been in my DMs
trying to pitch me on my landing page a
few actually and um yeah my dog should
have to fix that my boy is here is going
to help me with it but
um
he initially he like explained like the
things he would change first of all
right so he broke down for me I'm like
yeah that makes sense whatever my
websit's pretty bad
um pictures they'll be like you know
whatever like I'll I just I have to see
like how this works out with this other
guy that's trying to help me and I just
go on my Twitter and he tagged me in
this thing it's like here's what I do
for the clip creators landing page and
he posted like two different shots of
demo I was like this actually looks
pretty good and so I'm my work with him
but like even that extra mile like I'm
sure he signed plenty of people doing
stuff like that and it's a warm lead
specifically which is really smart right
it's not just somebody who's not who's
not going to buy his Services people
that express interest and then maybe
they lost them in the DMS and it's just
like hey bro it's a creative way to
follow up and be like sir it's not like
sir sir like please please let me let me
edit your landing page it's like a very
proactive way to do it and it's
providing value and it's saying like I
actually want to work with you right
it's it's it's all these dudes who they
just wanna they wanna use the new twit
Auto Twitter DM software they want to
roll up a thing and like magically get
clients they those guys never win they
never ever ever win like you just want
you just want everything to be so easy
you don't want to work at all you want
to you no manual process everything
needs to be Auto like it's like due to
through like legit trying to like
automate A system that doesn't even work
it's just employing automation
everywhere and it's like it doesn't even
work like what you are doing just
doesn't work like why are you trying to
automate everything
yeah and that's that's huge I think
especially like when you're coming from
that place of like I don't have anything
to offer you and you start to use
automation or something like some
specific line is Gonna Save like no it
doesn't work I mean when I started even
when I started you know pitching short
for people when it was like not as
sophisticated saturated whatever you
want to call it like I would make an
effort to send samples I feel like
that's a bare minimum now with that kind
of service or things in general and one
question I have for you is like
regardless of what that service is like
I don't know maybe it's like email
marketing for econ Brands which is also
hella saturated or something else that
you know you definitely don't have first
movers advantage to like how can someone
in that
position
sign clients and catch up to people that
are already crushing it when they don't
have the results and testimonials do
they really just have to go out of their
way to do free work is that the solution
in the beginning yeah so like the
difficulty of how hard it is to sign a
client decreases with every
case study or testimonial you get every
single one you get it gets easier and
easier and easier because you have to
think of it like this and this is what
people don't understand is
it hurts to lose a hundred dollars more
than it feels good to gain a hundred
dollars so when you're marketing 70 to
80 percent or more of your material
needs to be about risk mitigation
you need to be explaining in the things
you put as marketing material needs to
in the eyes of the prospect decrease the
probability that they're going to lose
money so there's two ways to do this one
is by guarantee you have a guarantee if
I don't get the specific result you
don't pay and second is by perception
and by perception what I mean is
testimonials or case studies and now
there's a ladder of which of these work
best
what works best is if the client
is on video and it's very clear you know
what their business is like it's linked
it's them it's their face their full
name it's very transparent and they
specifically State how much money they
made or result they got and directly
attribute it to you so there is no way
someone can say oh it's faked right
right on the internet
you are default a scammer until proven
otherwise
every company every offer people are
getting pitched they're getting code
emailed over here here here here like
dudes are dudes are literally sending
cold emails
from a Gmail no website their their name
Google doesn't even bring like raw
dogging like precisely absolute nothing
like nothing and they think it's gonna
work or they're doing the same on their
their DMS no website no nothing there's
no transparency not nothing exists again
they they really actually think that's
gonna work it's almost as if I I don't
even know how you would ever arise into
the situation where you would think that
there would be any chance that could
possibly work ever
like how would you even think that would
but oh let me just like this this random
guy emailed me
um let me just like like book a call
with him and send them five thousand
dollars even though he doesn't he
doesn't have a website but like okay
I'll take a chance on him I'm like we're
doing like you know six thousand dollars
a month I'll definitely pay him five
thousand yeah to save the business it's
it's really incredible to me and
you know it was
it doesn't take a genius to understand
this and I kind of want to relate this
back to like when I was like a super
beginner like I mean this is my first
business it was like the Instagram
growth agency I was not good at
marketing but I just wasn't a dumbass
right so like let me explain to you what
I did
I found five people
and I said
it was just basic like if I want to get
people to pay me money they probably
want to see that I actually know how to
do it so I'm gonna I'm gonna go find
five people I'm gonna do it for them for
free
and then I'm gonna get them results so
that's what I did I found five people
and I did their Instagram growth for
three months I got a before and after
screenshot
and then right when I had the before and
after screenshots
I started asking people for money
and it was
this plan I'm Gonna Get You between 300
and 500 followers a month and if it
doesn't work you don't pay and this one
between uh 500 to a thousand followers a
month and if it doesn't work you don't
pay and this was like the reason why I
did that was because I didn't want to
arise into a situation where like if I
didn't get the result they'd like
wouldn't get their money back because I
just didn't want people like going on
the internet like calling me a scammer
sure you know what I mean it was just
like all right well if I can't get the
results refund you
and now in hindsight now that I think
about it like I had client results and a
guarantee
and I got that when I started like
asking people for money for it I got it
to 12K a month I was 20 years old yeah
it was like 12K a month in three months
and I was like now that I look back at
it I'm like no [__] [__] like yeah of
course you did like it was like it was a
good offer with the money back guarantee
and proof like no [__] like yeah and
it's like now what dudes would do is
they'd think like oh that won't work for
me I'm like dude that's the only thing
that works like nothing else works
it's it's like really hilarious to me
where it's like people would be like
well why am I well how can I get more
clients I'm like well get more results
or like put a guarantee they're like
well I don't have any results and I
don't have a guarantee like
oh you're [__] like a good luck good
luck there's nothing else to do it's
it's those too like there's no other
thing
it's so funny to me yeah it blows my
mind and especially with the part about
and I this is interesting too with a
guarantee
I I also think we've arrived and certain
certain people are like this where
you'll throw on a guarantee and be like
I don't want to guarantee I just want
results I think some people you know
what I mean because it's like like why
would you sit some people are just like
that where it's just like why would I
waste two or three months with you I
don't care if you give me any guaranteed
like why would I waste my time two three
months with somebody that I know isn't
going to get results like the guarantee
alone I don't think cuts it in certain
certain with certain personality types
dude I don't want guarantees I just want
you to do the thing you promised yeah so
so quantifiable case studies and client
testimonial is a very large amount of
them is is by an order of magnitude way
stronger than a guarantee if you had to
only pick one you'd pick the results
yeah you'd pick the client results every
single time and there's another concept
with it and that's that's just an
example of like a really good client
like I just want the results I don't
care what it takes like I want the
results the the reason why you would
even speak to them in the first place or
they would even arise into a
conversation with you in the first place
is because they are aware of all the
people that you are all already working
with that would be the only situation
that they that that literally happened
to us recently we had a guy cop on the
phone and you know even something
somebody that we wanted to work with and
you know we said they get we gave them a
guarantee for his case like we were
flexible it's like yo like you know we
know you've been frustrated with this
like we'll give you geared he's like
dude like I know you guys are killers
like we don't I don't I don't want to
guarantee I just want to get like the
results like I've worked with two short
form guys already like this is not like
really exactly what I've envisioned like
I just want results for the right time
and like that that social proof and the
testimony is that they shine through
right because just no one no one else
had that at the time and so I think
that's really important too is like you
know if you give a guarantee but you
also have like you know it's like they
have to work together speaking of
working together you know we talk about
this all the time like having that
personal brand all as well is like
really important and being relevant for
people like
oh
it just doesn't make sense like why
would you like
it's like your your your profile your
landing page all this stuff does the
sound right it's not the hinge line that
works it's your profile and maybe the
line is good and it helps or assist or
whatever but it's like fundamentally at
its core it's people are checking out
your YouTube channel they're checking
out your Instagram they're checking
checking your chick like whatever you're
on your Twitter of course and it's like
that's what's actually doing the selling
it's like oh this guy actually knows
what he's talking about a cold DM
scripts he also has this cool website
called client Essentials like maybe I'll
go checking it check it out like like
imagine trying to like pitch client
Ascension like door to door to somebody
that does yeah yeah but just like zero
social following yeah it wouldn't work
there's there's no shot and this this is
what this is what's really interesting
with a lot of people I see this
sometimes it's like really strange to me
dudes will have like zero followers on
any social media and they're like hey
I'm thinking about making a coaching
program I'm like who the [__] are you
gonna sell a coaching program to
or it's like they have the the just like
randomly want to make some coaching
offering like they haven't even done the
thing I'm like
who the [__] do you think is gonna buy
that like actually who do you think is
going to buy that but clearly nobody
like did you even think that through at
all like in any capacity it's like no
one's No One's Gonna buy it so what
people do is they think they hear of
like client acquisition mechanisms like
there's just mechanism so it's like Oh
short form content long form YouTube
tweeting uh posting on LinkedIn cold
email cold calling
Google ads YouTube ads Facebook ads Tick
Tock ads Instagram every there's all
these mechanisms and everybody thinks
that they're all separate
they think oh the the YouTube ads are
working so well like oh the LinkedIn ads
are
or the linkedin's working really well
and like Twitter not so much or this
this this it's like bro
they all feed into each other they're
not these separated independent things
it's all the same right so it's like if
you have if you have a
take take two people they're sending
cold emails
same exact same exact offer same exact
code email script same exact follow-ups
same exact deliverability
same exact industry company size they're
pitching everything everything's exactly
the same you have one guy
who has no website no social media
nothing if another guy is a website he
has a video sales letter on the website
here's a bunch of results on the thing
he has a YouTube with a bunch of videos
on it maybe it even has
50 subscribers but the sheer matter of
the fact is they put in the bare minimum
of effort to put stuff on the internet
like to display his competence somewhere
he has that yeah and he tweets on
Twitter and then he he takes the same
exact things he put on Twitter and he
puts them on LinkedIn and then he also
like does some short Tick Tock videos
they're not hyper edited at all it's
just a selfie it's like a quick thought
just explaining what he knows it's just
displaying his confidence so you got
those two people one guy's nothing one
guy has all that the guy who has all of
that isn't gonna just do 10 better 20
better 30 percent better he's gonna get
all of the results the guy with none of
that will get precisely zero if there
were this Industry pool with say a
hundred people will eventually convert
the guy with nothing will get zero
nothing the guy with all that will get
all 100 clients so thousands and
thousands of orders of magnitude better
yep all cohesively played together so
someone says to me they're like bro how
are you going how are you growing
contention is it is it YouTube is it
like what's happening is it the funnel
I'm like no bro I'm [__] everywhere
every single thing I do there's nothing
I'm not doing that's why it works yeah
it's like people I I just have a pool
there's probably like
half a million people who like are in my
funnel maybe let's just say some thing
like that they know I exist probably
like half a million people on Earth
noise if they saw my face to probably
recognize me okay all of you are in my
funnel if you know I exist you're in my
phone I'm trying to [__] sell you
something
so
you might go on this app you might go on
this app you might go on this app you
might go on this app you might go on
this app I don't care where you are
you're going to get a retargeting ad for
me you're going to see me organically
posting on it I'm gonna be you're going
to see my partner's ads you're gonna see
my partners organically posting you're
gonna see us everywhere it's not I'm not
just sitting here I just do Twitter go
Twitter makes me want my money like or
code email makes me all the money it's
like no I do precisely everything that's
the only reason why it works yeah and
that's huge too because it's like always
about the tactics or the hacks it's like
the Hebrew men types Pro it's just like
yeah like bro like let me just use this
like Twitter template and that's just
gonna like no like you have to be
everywhere like I remember there was a
joke about like that one week where
you're just like running the ads like
crazy on Twitter you could not Escape
you could not Escape that one ad it was
everywhere hey we help B2B companies
scale and all this other stuff like you
couldn't escape it was like the joke of
the week and that in his in it of itself
was marketing yes right people talking
about like bro like I like you're you're
ever like I can't escape you yeah it's
like that's that's the point I'm trying
to sell you something [__] yeah
so I I look at my uh like if I'm running
retargeting ads anywhere
um I I want like people in my funnel to
see me Andre or Christian or get emails
from you or something like people on my
email list or receive tweets I want you
to see me like legitimately 30 times a
week because what's gonna happen is you
might not be ready
for client Ascension it might be it
might not be the correct time for you to
buy this you're in what is called a
conversion window
everybody's conversion Windows just
begin to elapse something happens in
their business was like you know what
I'm ready to start doing cold email with
client Ascension and growing my business
and getting clients or you only have to
relegate it that's clients I'm just
ready to grow it right now and now what
you're going to do is you're going to go
into the bank of your mind and you're
gonna search what's the best gateway to
make me do this right now who's who is
the person who can help me do this as
quickly as possible right now and what
happens is these people go into a buying
window yes that's like 30 minutes long
and it is just one like segment of like
30 minutes so I'm buying right now I'm
solving this issue right now I'm done
dealing with this I'm changing the
situation right now and now what's gonna
happen is the first person they think of
is the person who they saw the most who
had the most frequency it was me I sent
the most emails I made the most ads you
saw me the most I posted the most I'm
the default option in your mind I am so
good at taking people
in the funnel and eventually converting
them there's an extremely high
probability if we run a marketing agency
or a B2B company and you consume my
content in any fashion you will probably
buy something from me just solely
because of the frequency
whenever you think of it you you go into
that 30 minute period you're just like
I'm doing it I'm the first one he
thought of that's the only reason why
that's huge that is a really good point
and I've noticed that as well especially
with you you told me this too with the
following especially with like kind of
the service I offer where a lot of times
it's like really hard to attribute
Revenue specifically towards it right
because it's very top funnel you have to
keep following up you have to just be
there like dude like it's like that
SpongeBob Meme of him popping out of the
mailbox that you have to be in people's
faces bro that's happened to me even
recently too I followed up with someone
from like a few months ago and it's like
yeah bro like all he's literally said
great follow-up like let's do it like
let's let's hop on a call like these
people like they're they're watching you
they're watching you they're watching
they're lurking they are they're liking
your [__] they're looking at it and it's
like yeah they might not even be liking
it yeah they might not they just look at
it it's crazy yeah you have no idea and
like that alone is like dude it's like
why would you not like even like dude
even like the money Twitter memes I
posted like that's been enough to stay
relevant in people and it's like that
wasn't even like really that was like me
[__] around and trying to like have a
good time but even that was like enough
to people like oh this is the guy that
he they associate that like these out of
the Friday edits with Presley yep that's
the association of said thing with said
person and you're the guy for like when
I joined Cloud Ascension I'm like okay
like I need help Skilling like oh like I
I I've literally only seen you
especially when you're first exposure
yeah I've only seen you I don't even
know who else does I haven't been around
for long enough I've just seen your [__]
a million times I'm like who else would
I go to cool it sounds good all right
cool like you guarantee 10 000 perfect
let's
uh Jay like send me the thing like let's
let's get rolling like literally that's
how it went down I was like I can't
think of anyone else yeah so you already
decided that you like this is what this
is how most like things of absolutely
what should be happening is like a fair
bit of your calls like get on they're
like already sold yeah like they just
want some questions answered or like
they just wanna like you know but pretty
much they should all like be sold
already
but if you have sufficient amount of
results
um so this is like really important like
someone somebody books a call or
something like
bro you better send them an email
showing them your results like a lot of
people to just go through and they'll
they'll book a call and go here it's
like no no bro
you gotta
you gotta let them know who you are like
here's what I can do like you need to
know what I'm capable of like you need
to display it it's like this I work with
this guy this guy this guy this guy this
guy
right this guy is doing this much this
guy's doing this much this guy's doing
this much right you got to like show
people like I was saying before
if you don't document what you're
capable of the results you've driven
that might as well not exist like they
they actually don't exist if you don't
post them yeah also with with that being
said too like it just doesn't make sense
to me when people are coming in and
stuff and they're like yeah bro like
dude email marketing sounds cool bro but
like clavio flow clavio flow is like
that sounds hard it's like my guy you
haven't even read like a book like you
you said it best I know this is my
favorite thing like my guy pay your
groceries you're poor you're poor you
like buy buy yourself a protein bar and
that's huge because I think like and you
probably see this client attention as
well like people just trying to skip
steps and they'll they're thinking 10
steps in advance yeah they want it all
figured out right away bro how am I
going to scale my agency from 100 like
dude what 100 get like where are you
getting you're pulling these numbers
bro is it scalable like how how am I
going to scale this from 50k like dude
like you don't you don't you have you
don't even have a client
dude like did you feel like 8K a month
or like all right well
like I'm gonna get to 100K a month so
I'm gonna do this and this and this and
this I'm like bro just
start the cold email campaign
let's start there
like just do that
and like
this happens all all the time it's like
I'll get uh dude to be like hey I've
been really thinking about my offer and
like I want to get on a one-on-one over
here and then like I got like they've
been a client extension for like
I don't know like a couple weeks or like
a month you know like so I'm thinking
about changing my offer this this I'm
like bro you haven't even sent cold
emails with the first offer like why are
you changing your offer
these guys are over here they're at 300K
a month I'm like
don't
that's not you like just send emails
like you just made this offer of like
you haven't even spoken to anyone like
you don't know what is gonna sell and
you're sitting here planning all this
time and it's like it's not even like
look dudes will sit here and it's like
they like Ponder and think it's working
like they're like pondering and they're
and they think that's work like yeah bro
been working all this week on like
building this new offer I'm like what do
you mean building this new offer you
were like thinking about something you
weren't building anything you're
building something you would have
connected your domains to Melody to free
code email settings however we got you
would have copied and pasted the script
that we just wrote for you on a
one-on-one you would have opened up your
email to the Excel file of the 3000
leads that we just manually built for
you you would have downloaded that put
that into a campaign on Melody you want
to copy and paste the things and you
would activate the code email campaign
simply sending precisely what we have
wrote for you with zero edits to
precisely the exact lead list we gave to
you with nothing removed and you would
have sat there and just watched the
calls come that's what that's what you
would have done and it would have taken
you a grand total of 22 minutes
so but what you have decided to do is
Ponder for three weeks and ignore the 17
messages that your customer success
manager has sent you pestering you to
just turn the campaign on
you were working no you weren't and this
is the problem with guys they think
they're working it's like you're not
working you're pondering you're not
doing anything like you're not working
unless there is a a product or something
that has been animated into the world
like something happened yeah look you
thought about a new offer using zero
evidence from the marketing it's like
bro I told you
what to make your offer we told you what
to write we gave you the leads we gave
you the software just click the button
just go
blows my mind and on that topic too like
it's just these [__] huberman type
Strauss just like literally it's just I
think how I look at it too and a really
good analogy to what you're saying like
dude you can simplify it as much as you
want and some people really need it
spelled out so here's a great example
right you're on the playground in third
grade okay you have a binder of Pokemon
cards that you have okay and there's
gonna be certain times where maybe a new
deck gets released right there's a new
like series or whatever there's new like
there's like different like I don't even
know not genres it's like um there's
like packs and generations right there's
like a new one there's a new shiny one
that comes out right and so maybe what
you have isn't as valuable anymore
because there's this new there's this
new thing right there's a new pack with
this new Pokemon this new edition that's
popular okay
the only way to note if anyone wants to
trade with you is to actually ask hey do
you want this card what can I get for
this
if you're not asking you're just sitting
there in the binder you're not talking
to other kids about your cards of course
you're not gonna make trades you're
sitting there twiddling your thumbs
looking at your car thinking does anyone
want this bro there's kids all over the
playground that would want that card
it's a new thing and you're not you're
not talking to anyone you're not asking
you're not communicating with anyone you
just have to ask more people if they
want your card and if they don't go buy
the new pack at Target and try to pull
the one that people want what's one
thing you would tell people about if
they need to stop being poor aside from
joining client attention I think now I'm
more than ever like
send more stuff like give me give it
give me give me something that's like
really specific right now that's
bothering you that you're seeing like a
lot of people yeah so like really so
like a beginner like assume it's like a
beginner it's like dude pics come pick
some skill and actually try to make a
concerted effort to like get good at the
thing like this is not gonna work unless
you were good at the thing and that's
not that's not like a negotiable like
there's there's no situation where you
aren't good at the thing and you make a
lot of money so like that that is
something you have to do right so it's
like just put all of your effort into
getting good at the thing there's there
it's never gonna happen you're not going
to make money if you're not good at so
that's really the only thing you have to
focus on and then when you're good at
the thing you can get results and when
you get results you get testimonials and
case studies when you get testimonials
and case studies you get more customers
and you need to do this for like a year
it's like that's that's just what it
takes plug all your stuff for the people
client Ascension literally just plug
everything uh YouTube Daniel Fazio and
uh my product clientasension.com Twitter
is cold email wizard
that's it excellent we're good
bet